apps/protein_folding/helixfold/README_train.md, before:

# HelixFold Training

We implement [AlphaFold2](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41586-021-03819-2) using [PaddlePaddle](https://github.com/paddlepaddle/paddle), namely [HelixFold](https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.05477), to improve training and inference speed and reduce memory consumption. The performance is improved by operator fusion, tensor fusion, and hybrid parallelism computation, while the memory is optimized through Recompute, BFloat16, and memory read/write in-place. Compared with the original AlphaFold2 (implemented with Jax) and OpenFold (implemented with PyTorch), HelixFold needs only 7.5 days to complete the full end-to-end training and only 5.3 days when using hybrid parallelism, while both AlphaFold2 and OpenFold take about 11 days. HelixFold saves 1x training time. We verified that HelixFold's accuracy could be on par with AlphaFold2 on the CASP14 and CAMEO datasets.

## Environment

To reproduce the results reported in our paper, specific environment settings are required as below. 

- python: 3.7
- cuda: 11.2
- cudnn: 8.10.1
- nccl: 2.12.12

## Installation
PaddlePaddle `dev` package is required to run HelixFold. Script `setup_env` is used to setup the `conda` environment, installing all dependencies. Locate to the directory of `helixfold` and run:
```bash
wget https://baidu-nlp.bj.bcebos.com/PaddleHelix/HelixFold/paddlepaddle_gpu-0.0.0-cp37-cp37m-linux_x86_64.whl
sh setup_env
conda activate helixfold # activate the conda environment
```

## Download Demo Dataset and Evaluation Tools
In order to facilitate the users to get start quickly, a demo dataset is provided to test the training pipeline. Locate to the directory of `helixfold` and run:
```bash
wget https://baidu-nlp.bj.bcebos.com/PaddleHelix/HelixFold/data.tar.gz
tar -zxvf data.tar.gz
```

To evaluate the accuracy of the trained model, evaluation tools `lddt` and `tm-score` are required for evaluation.
```bash
wget https://baidu-nlp.bj.bcebos.com/PaddleHelix/HelixFold/lddt
wget https://baidu-nlp.bj.bcebos.com/PaddleHelix/HelixFold/tm_score
mkdir tools && mv lddt tm_score tools && chmod +x ./tools/lddt && chmod +x ./tools/tm_score
```

## Usage
After installing all the above required dependencies and downloading the demo dataset, you can have a try by running `gpu_train.sh`. We provide multiple training modes in one script, which includes intial training and finetune modes on `single node, single GPU`, `single node, multiple GPUs` and `multiple nodes, multiple GPUs`. Note that you need to set `PADDLE_NNODES=number of devices` and `PADDLE_MASTER="xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx:port"` according to your network environment. The details of each parameter are included in the script `gpu_train.sh`.

```bash
sh gpu_train.sh [demo_initial_N1C1, demo_finetune_N1C1, demo_initial_N1C8, demo_finetune_N1C8, demo_initial_N8C64, demo_finetune_N8C64]
```

Following are three examples:

1. Train on a single node with 1 GPU in initial training mode:
```bash
sh gpu_train.sh demo_initial_N1C1
```

2. Train on a single node with 8 GPUs in finetune mode:
```bash
sh gpu_train.sh demo_finetune_N1C8
```

3. Train on 8 nodes with 64 GPUs in initial training mode:
```bash
sh gpu_train.sh demo_initial_N8C64
```

Commit message:

Support ppfleetX and reorganize related files

apps/protein_folding/helixfold/README_train.md, after:

# HelixFold Training

We implement [AlphaFold2](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41586-021-03819-2) using [PaddlePaddle](https://github.com/paddlepaddle/paddle), namely [HelixFold](https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.05477), to improve training and inference speed and reduce memory consumption. The performance is improved by operator fusion, tensor fusion, and hybrid parallelism computation, while the memory is optimized through Recompute, BFloat16, and memory read/write in-place. Compared with the original AlphaFold2 (implemented with Jax) and OpenFold (implemented with PyTorch), HelixFold needs only 7.5 days to complete the full end-to-end training and only 5.3 days when using hybrid parallelism, while both AlphaFold2 and OpenFold take about 11 days. HelixFold saves 1x training time. We verified that HelixFold's accuracy could be on par with AlphaFold2 on the CASP14 and CAMEO datasets.

## Environment

To reproduce the results reported in our paper, specific environment settings are required as below. 

- python: 3.7
- cuda: 11.2
- cudnn: 8.10.1
- nccl: 2.12.12

## Installation
PaddlePaddle `dev` package is required to run HelixFold. Script `setup_env` is used to setup the `conda` environment, installing all dependencies. Locate to the directory of `helixfold` and run:
```bash
wget https://paddle-wheel.bj.bcebos.com/develop/linux/linux-gpu-cuda11.2-cudnn8-mkl-gcc8.2-avx/paddlepaddle_gpu-0.0.0.post112-cp37-cp37m-linux_x86_64.whl
sh setup_env
conda activate helixfold # activate the conda environment
```
Note: If you have a different version of python3 and cuda, please refer to [here](https://www.paddlepaddle.org.cn/whl/linux/gpu/develop.html) for the compatible PaddlePaddle `dev` package.

In order to run scripts with DAP/BP/DP-DAP-BP mode, you also need to install `ppfleetx`. Please refer to [here](https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleFleetX/tree/develop/ppfleetx/models/protein_folding) for more details.
```bash
git clone https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleFleetX.git
git checkout develop          # change to develop branch
python setup.py develop       # install ppfleetx
```

## Download Demo Dataset and Evaluation Tools
In order to facilitate the users to get start quickly, a demo dataset is provided to test the training pipeline. Locate to the directory of `helixfold` and run:
```bash
wget https://baidu-nlp.bj.bcebos.com/PaddleHelix/HelixFold/data.tar.gz
tar -zxvf data.tar.gz
```

To evaluate the accuracy of the trained model, evaluation tools `lddt` and `tm-score` are required for evaluation.
```bash
wget https://baidu-nlp.bj.bcebos.com/PaddleHelix/HelixFold/lddt
wget https://baidu-nlp.bj.bcebos.com/PaddleHelix/HelixFold/tm_score
mkdir tools && mv lddt tm_score tools && chmod +x ./tools/lddt && chmod +x ./tools/tm_score
```

## Usage
After installing all the above required dependencies and downloading the demo dataset, you can have a try by running `gpu_train.sh`. We provide multiple training modes in one script, which includes intial training and finetune modes on `single node, single GPU`, `single node, multiple GPUs` and `multiple nodes, multiple GPUs`. Note that you need to set `PADDLE_NNODES=number of devices` and `PADDLE_MASTER="xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx:port"` according to your network environment. The details of each parameter are included in the script `gpu_train.sh`.

```bash
sh gpu_train.sh [demo_initial_N1C1, demo_finetune_N1C1, demo_initial_N1C8, demo_finetune_N1C8, demo_initial_N8C64, demo_finetune_N8C64]
```

Following are three examples:

1. Train on a single node with 1 GPU in initial training mode:
```bash
sh gpu_train.sh demo_initial_N1C1
```

2. Train on a single node with 8 GPUs in finetune mode:
```bash
sh gpu_train.sh demo_finetune_N1C8
```

3. Train on 8 nodes with 64 GPUs in initial training mode:
```bash
sh gpu_train.sh demo_initial_N8C64
```
